.. Structure modeled after https://www.boardeffect.com/blog/how-to-take-minutes-at-a-board-meeting/

Meeting Minutes
===============

| ACM @ Miami University
| Date: May 2, 2018

* Called to order at: 6:04pm
* Participants and absentees

    * John Meyer: Present
    * Nick Wayne: Present
    * Nick Jarvis: Present
    * Tyler Davis: Present
    * Bennett: Present

* Amendments to previous minutes
* Additions to the current agenda
* Quorum present
* Motions

	* Jarvis: next weeks meeting is Jackbox party pack 2 steam by Jarvis, computer either Nick W. or Bennett (passed)
	* John: Ask RA's if they have access to cornhole sets (passed)
	* John: Advertise Frisbee, Football, Volleyball and all other games we add (passed)
	* John: See if Bennett has a speaker to use (passed)
	* Jarvis: Nick W. will make playlist of 80's music for speaker if we get one (passed)
	* Jarvis: Don't ask Norm if there will be kids (passed)
	* John: Draft of playlist by next Wednesday (passed)
	* John: John and Bennett are set up, and Nicks are tear down. Anyone else can come if they please (passed)
	* John: Set up hub at end of board meeting. Nick W. will do this if any issues arise and can't be finished today (passed)
	* Jarvis: Everyone ask faculty who would be willing to be the vice-chair (passed)
		
* Notes

	* Treasurer's Report: ~1300 in the hole
	* Emails
		* Need to register (doing this, this meeting)
	* Next weeks meeting topic (Fun meeting)
		* VR
		* Split into two teams and solve problems (mini-hackathon)
		* Spy fall
		* Heads up
		* Space team
		* Other phone games
		* Jackbox games
	* ACM Picnic
		* Department will acquire food + drinks
		* We need to ask ASG if we can get any money (nvm)
		* Norm will cook
		* We need to check grill (if it is rusted out) (it is)
		* Tuesday (5 - 9) 
		* People at 4:15 to help set up.
		* We need a poster in a pdf, png, or jpeg as a flyer
		* Decide what we want to do (activities)
	* ACM Picnic activities
		* Frisbee's
		* Football
		* Volleyball
		* Cornhole (possibly)
		* Spikeball (possibly)
	* Everyone can set-up and tear down if need be	
		
* Due dates

	* Jarvis: Have flyer and picture for ACM picnic ready. 5/4/18
	* Everyone: Ask RA's for cornhole sets 5/4/18
	* Nick W: Playlist for Picnic due 5/9/18
	* Everyone: Ask teachers if they would be willing to be the vice-chair 5/9/18

* Next meeting time: Wednesday May 9th @ 6 PM in BEN 008
* Adjournment time: 