2018-02-21 Exec Meeting Notes
 - Start Time: 6:02pm
 
 - Attendees:
 	- John
 	- Tyler
 	- Nick W.
 	- Nick J.
 
 - Amendments: nil
 
 - Late additions: Discuss raspberry PI's
 
 - Quorum? Yes
 
 - Motions: Remove JQuery from stack unless we need it. (Nick J) John seconded. (Passed)
 			Have Nick J. talk to Rao about co-chair (Passed)
 			Instructions on GitHub repo for PipENV install. (Passed)
 			To do ACM and ACM-W event John and Nick J(Passed)
 			Next meeting: basic website unless progress in current meeting hinders (Passed)
 	 	 	
 - Notes:
 	- Account is still in the red, no charge in 10 months
 	- Have a 
 	- Server will probably be hosted by Miami, still need confirmation
 		- A server on Digital Ocean is set up currently.  (still need to give access to members).
 	- Development Ideas
 		- Create "groups" and give a pi to each, and have people work in groups.
 		- Or have them work on it locally, and have web page up on Git and pull it from there.
		- PipENV
	- Next Meeting
		- Basic website

 - Tabled Items: nil
 
 - Deferred Items: nil
 
 - Next Meeting Time: 2/28/18
 
 - Adjournment Time: 6:48